PAAS quotes

learning R was difficult at times but overall i found it fun as its a completely new and quite unexpected activity and the way itbis taught to us is really engaging and quite satisfying

The coding has been very fun, despite it being novel for me. It is always enjoyable to learn a new skill, especially one that will have genuine useful applications post-university in the world of psychology.

i enjoy learning a new skill (R), however i do struggle as computer work is not something that comes naturally to me 

I personally just really enjoyed learning R. I know this isn't something most students enjoy learning, but it has been one of my favourite parts of university so far and I am quite upset to part with it (for now!). 

I really enjoyed the practicals and surprisingly found coding not that scary but yet interesting. Mostly it was something that was challenging for me but since we had a lot of resources to help us (tutorials and teachers) it facilitated a lot my way through this module. 


the practical's because they were interesting and engaging, i was taken aback at first but it has grown to be my favourite part of psychology 

Learnt many coding skills I didn't think I would be able to.



DS quotes

Hey Danielle, I hope you're having a lovely weekend, I'm sure you won't pick this up until later in the week but I just got my lab report back and, whilst it's not the highest grade, it's a grade I never thought I'd be able to achieve in coding and I know I wouldn't have gotten had you not been so supportive and kind to me whilst I was struggling and intimidated by R. It feels so good to not have this big terrifying skill looming over me anymore and has made the rest of my degree so much more manageable and enjoyable so thank you thank you thank you! (I would have thanked you in person on Tuesday but I had a work shift I couldn't get out of, unfortunately.) I'm off on my year abroad in September to Italy where I don't think I'll have to do any coding but I'm gonna try and stay on top of practising so it's manageable in my final year. I know you're overworked and passionate about the strikes so I really hope the top dogs soon start to appreciate all the work you're doing, and it doesn't deter you from teaching because you're really very very good at it...keeping my fingers crossed that you'll still be here next September!! INJECT R STUDIO INTO MY VEINS!! A big huge thank you


Hi Danielle, I'm not sure if you remember but we had a zoom meeting before the easter period to go over the QQ exam because I had missed a lot of the content due to ill health as well as dealing with bereavement during the exam period. We spoke a lot about how I felt really overwhelmed by the content but you were really reassuring especially about R stuff and it made me feel a lot more confident in my stats abilities in general and I think that really helped me to tackle the exam prep.  I ended up going over everything we talked about and practiced a lot for the exam and it really paid off because in the end i ended up getting 91% in the exam! I just wanted to let you know because our meetings and the responses to my previous emails asking for help with understanding different areas really helped me and I think has completely shifted my fear of statistics. It's really hard I think to find successful women in STEM let alone in areas like coding so it seems really daunting but I think you're a great lecturer and I thought you should know the impact you have had on my success this semester even in the face of a huge amount of hardship. Thanks again 🙂

DANIELLE!!!!!!!! No wayyyyyy!!! No fricking wayyyyy!!!!! I'm freaking out!!  82!!!! not 28, 82 WHAT THE HECK I've never got 80 in uni what heck !!!!! and in a lab report with CODE Thank you, thank you, thank you sooooo much. There is literally no way I could have done this module without you or quizzes or this lab report. I used to have a panic attack every workshop last term and now I got 82!!!!!!!!! WTF When you said I’m capable of a 1st in this module I thought it was BS like there was no way that was going to happen. I’m shakinggggg, I think I’m gunna cry. THANK YOU (you are literally the best!!! the stats lecturer !!!! the best R explainer !!!! the best listener !!!! the absolute BEST!!!!) I wish I could give you hug!!!!! (IOU 1 HUG)



Final year

Yesterday, I had a technical interview where I was required to code a massive data set with 110,000 participants. I then had to report it and present it back in their board room to the CEO. Today... out of 5 finalist graduates... they chose me to be their new data analyst!!! I spoke to the CEO over the phone, and he commented that he couldn't believe I had been coding for only a couple of years, and that my work was far more advanced than any other graduate he has had - and that's because of you!! Taught by the best! So, thank you so much. I can't really believe that I even work in R, let alone be told that my code was almost immaculate by someone who has worked with it for 10+ years. I could not thank you enough. You got me the job & always gave me the confidence, patience, & time. Eternally grateful. I hope that you're doing something lovely in the holidays, and getting ready for another needy student like me in September 😂🥰


When I began at Sussex, I didn’t realise that R was a part of my course. As a lazy student, I didn’t even read my prospectus before joining, so it was a complete (unpleasant) surprise that I was studying statistics and coding. During secondary school, I barely scraped a C in Higher Maths GCSE and even had to retake the exam to achieve a B which would allow my entry into the University of Sussex Psychology Department. As such, I was absolutely terrified to learn that I now had to learn coding and statistics. I would often put it off, or leave early in the first year, which lead to me getting 42% in my module. During the second year, COVID-19 came upon us, and I was challenged with learning it from home. Emails would often fall on deaf ears, and I just couldn't begin to understand this seemingly foreign language of R. As my final year approached, I began prioritising my time around learning R and stumbled into the mountainous task of completing three different methods of statistical analyses for my dissertation. I had never even tried to learn how to do any of those analyses. I was unbelievably stressed. With Dr Danielle's undivided attention, I achieved a 68 in my dissertation. Fast forward two months later, and I now work as a Data Analyst in the R Programming Language. I love my job. The team are supportive in aiding me how to learn more, and it doesn't feel like I have ever left university. The team is fantastic, and I choose when I want to work. As above, I was never confident in my mathematical or technical abilities. I spent a long period of my academic career putting off learning how to code. If I can get this far, you all can too. It takes time, be patient and kind to yourself.


